visit the retro future coda UK to find
all the links you need I have a very
special review for you today this is of
the magic card
the popular peripheral that was released
for the Game Boy doesn't say a lot it
doesn't say when it doesn't say who buy
doesn't even say what it does well it
probably does but in in Japanese but
luckily my friend Alex can translate for
us Alex went to Japan to study for a
year and he can speak fluent Japanese
and read and write so pretty good my
friend Oliver should say a big thank you
to all over the cebause all the friends
I have just Oliver and Alex he brought
this back from Japan for me whilst he
was recently visiting Japan with his
girlfriend Francesca both of whom I used
to work with where is this video going
so yeah big thank you Oliver
this is the game games games trick game
trick games stris deuce trick yeah you
can basically just change the colors of
whatever game you're playing now correct
me if I'm wrong but if we take ourselves
a black and white Gameboy game and we
put it in the back of a color Game Boy
when we turn it on we can do different
button combinations and change the
colors of the game so it says that you
can change up to 12 colors 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 for use with gameboy color
a simple device that requires no
auxiliary power can change up to 12
colors allows you to change game colors
the bottom of it is just warnings on the
back it says don't store in high
temperatures or humidities don't use on
any non gameboy color devices don't
spill liquids on it and keep away from
small children so big thank you there
Alex for your help well yeah this thing
is really interested me because
obviously the game we can already change
the game colors as we've just seen on
the black and white cartridges when you
plug an actual game word
gained into the game with color you
can't change the colors it's only a
feature for black and white game word
games that were released for the Game
Boy pocket incidentally when you put a
gameboy color game into a regular
Gameboy pocket or Gameboy dmg Gameboy it
comes up it should actually load the
game absolutely normally but then it
should come up with an error which says
this game could only be played on the
game with color so my friend John
actually was wondering if this you could
plug this into the back and then for
some reason that let you play a game
with color games but we'll find out that
in a second let's just shut this thing
in there back oh that did not go in
easily and it's not coming out I maybe I
shouldn't have done this on my painted
game with color oh my god oh no I've
scratched it uh yeah I mean it's pretty
pretty snug fit isn't it right let's see
what happens when we turn it on with
that in oh okay so look there's no game
in the top here and it's saying that we
can select the different game so it has
actually got some sort of a an inbuilt
menu here so push up down or B button
maybe no okay well when you press the a
button it's doing something but let's
plug your game in so what we'll do is
we'll plug a black and white game in
first and see what happens so let's go
for I can't work out how to get oh so
you just okay so you just keep going up
and down and then it goes through the
different color palettes okay cool so
let's go for this one because I'll it's
a pretty obvious change there and we'll
press the a button to start and it's
gone straight into the Tetris game which
is good and then it's crashed here we go
again let's try this again
okay look at that so look we can change
the colors of the game to more colors so
maybe this device is for people who just
weren't satisfied with the built-in
color selection in the game with color
was there a demand for that I thought I
mean I know that there was a demand for
for a worm light because obviously we
didn't have a backlit console back then
but was there demand for more colors I
don't know let's try it and plug in a
color game and see if we can change the
colors in a color game cuz that that
would be very fun here we go let's go
straight back to that blue one again no
okay so you can't change the colors of a
color game they're exactly the same okay
so let's take this thing out look
inspect the damage on the Gameboy yeah
that's that's that's lovely well plug it
into our black and white Gameboy pocket
here which is oh no this is also ah this
is also painted so yeah this is a bad
idea
waiting to happen let's chuck this in oh
my god ah look at this that is with some
force right here we go we turn this on
it's got a lot of stuff under the screen
but not a lot we can do about that
the cartridges come out okay here we go
so what's gonna happen with the
color-changing device in a black and
white Gameboy no nothing it doesn't work
so what is this is it literally just
giving us more colors to to a gameboy
game which already had a selection of
colors
let's try Link's Awakening DX because
obviously that is actually a color and
black and white game it can be played on
both the original Gameboy pocket and on
the you know any sort of color Gameboy
no so that doesn't do anything either
that doesn't change the color of
everything so so this is this just
giving more colors more color
palates we want more color palettes that
that's what this is about what what what
yeah that's all it does it just changes
the color palettes but did this company
not know that Nintendo had a built-in
color palette changing system - please
tell me no one bought this please tell
me and no one spent their money on this
oh dear
although I have one idea which I would
like to try out and this ladies and
gentlemen is the game strick and the
game genie and Tetris what can we expect
when we turn this on here we go three
two one